source/requirements.rst, before:

Requirements
============

===========================
Minimal System Requirements
===========================

* Linux System.  Testing on Redhat/CentOS 6/7
* 2 Cores - update
* 8GB of RAM - update
* 100GB of hard drive space - update

============
Applications
============
* Perl (https://www.perl.org/)

* Perl Modules (https://www.cpan.org/)

   - DBI 1.609
   - DBD::mysql 4.013
   - DBD::SQLite 1.27
   - Capture::Tiny 0.42
   - Exporter 5.68
   - Log::Message::Simple 0.10
   - Test::More 1.302037
   - Getopt::Long 2.48
   - List::Util 1.45
   - List::MoreUtils 0.428
   - IO::File 1.16
   - XML::Writer 0.606
   - XML::LibXML 1.70
   - XML::Parser 2.36
   - XML::LibXML::Reader 2.0129
   - Data::Dumper 2.160
   - Statistics::R	0.34
   - File::Slurp 9999.19
   - JSON 2.15
   - Time::HiRes 1.9742
   - Storable 2.56
   - Scalar::Util 1.45
   - Array::Utils 0.5

* R (https://www.r-project.org/)

* R Packages 

   - rhdf5 (https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/rhdf5.html)
   - Hmisc (https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Hmisc/index.html)

* HDF5 (https://www.hdfgroup.org/solutions/hdf5/)

* BLAST 2.2.26 (https://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi) - Note: This does not support BLAST+

* CD-HIT (http://weizhongli-lab.org/cd-hit/)

* SQL Database.  Currently supports the following

   - SQLite (https://www.sqlite.org/)
   - MySQL (https://www.mysql.com/)
   - MariaDB (https://mariadb.com/)

=================
Genomic Databases
=================

* InterPro (https://www.ebi.ac.uk/interpro/)
* Uniprot (https://www.uniprot.org/)

============
HPC Clusters
============

* A Job Scheduler.  Currently supports the following

   - SLURM (https://slurm.schedmd.com/slurm.html)
   - PBS Torque (https://www.adaptivecomputing.com/products/torque/)

Commit message:

Added more basic documentation Added build database documentation

source/requirements.rst, after:

Requirements
============

===========================
Minimal System Requirements
===========================

* Linux System.  Testing on Redhat/CentOS 6/7
* 2 Cores - update
* 8GB of RAM - update
* 100GB of hard drive space - update

============
Applications
============
* Perl (https://www.perl.org/)

* Perl Modules (https://www.cpan.org/)

   - DBI 1.609
   - DBD::mysql 4.013
   - DBD::SQLite 1.27
   - Capture::Tiny 0.42
   - Exporter 5.68
   - Log::Message::Simple 0.10
   - Getopt::Long 2.48
   - List::Util 1.45
   - List::MoreUtils 0.428
   - IO::File 1.16
   - XML::Writer 0.606
   - XML::LibXML 1.70
   - XML::Parser 2.36
   - XML::LibXML::Reader 2.0129
   - Data::Dumper 2.160
   - File::Slurp 9999.19
   - JSON 2.15
   - Time::HiRes 1.9742
   - Storable 2.56
   - Scalar::Util 1.45
   - Array::Utils 0.5
   - Config::IniFiles 3.000002
   - GD::Graph::boxplot 1.00

* R 3.3.0 or greater (https://www.r-project.org/)

* R Packages 

   - rhdf5 (https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/rhdf5.html)
   - Hmisc (https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Hmisc/index.html)

* HDF5 (https://www.hdfgroup.org/solutions/hdf5/)

* BLAST 2.2.26 (https://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi) - Note: This does not support BLAST+

* CD-HIT (http://weizhongli-lab.org/cd-hit/)

* GNU Coreutils 8.28 or greater (https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/)

* SQL Database.  Currently supports the following

   - SQLite (https://www.sqlite.org/)
   - MySQL (https://www.mysql.com/)
   - MariaDB (https://mariadb.com/)

* Libxml2 (http://www.xmlsoft.org/)

=================
Genomic Databases
=================

* InterPro (https://www.ebi.ac.uk/interpro/)
* Uniprot (https://www.uniprot.org/)

============
HPC Clusters
============

* A Job Scheduler.  Currently supports the following

   - SLURM (https://slurm.schedmd.com/slurm.html)
   - PBS Torque (https://www.adaptivecomputing.com/products/torque/)
